Meeting 1: 
1. limited stock and a sellout feature
2. affiliate page...score card
3. Links: scorecard, Ikigai entrepreneurship, Mbegu kids startup program


To clarify:
1. Information to be collected about a product
2. What type of items to start with. The website will have a lot of changes as it grows and
    as we establish our market fit.
3. Pages for our business partners to manage the products on their shops. Inspiration from etsy squares
4. Pages for affiliates to see their sales performance. More of a dashboard. Inspiration from etsy circles

To do:
1. Filter and sort by buttons above the products. Inspiration from etsy
2. Helper functions: 
    - function that retrieves the number of items in the database
    - function that gets the number of items in the cart of a specific user
    - function that calculates the total price to be charged. shipping can be constant initially.
    - function that handles payment and verification.
    - function that sends an email with the order
3. Newsletter to periodic catalogue. Optional create account to edit shipping information.
4. Product Details: Name, price, image(min. of 1), 

Order Confirmation table:
User, Order, Expected amount, Receive amount, 

Pay with M-Pesa:
Prompt the user on the front-end, explicitly showing the amount to be paid and informing the user that he will be prompted on the provided phone number to make the payment. User presses accept or reject.
When user presses accept, the request goes to the payment view function:
Receives the user and the cart number.
Calculates the total for the cart 
Call payment api with the the necessary details and the amount as well as the cart number which should be returned to the callback.
When callback receives the message:
if successful:
    mark cart as inactive and update order confirmation table.
    update order tables, using the cart id received to confirm the entry.
    enter details received into payments table:
    complete the order for the user and prompt them to proceed.
    On agreement, take them to order confirmation page.
if not successful:
    enter details into payments table and log the error and cause of the error
    abort and inform the user that payment was not successful. Inform them why.
    return checkout page


Order Confirmation:
1. add cart items to order tables
2. pull order details and user details to the front-end
3. Customer can be guest or a particular customer


